THIS AND THE PRESIDENT'S MIND.
AND I APPRECIATE YOU TAKING THE
OPPORTUNITY.
YOU KNOW THAT.
YOU HAVE LIVED A LIFE WHERE YOU
RE FUNDAMENTAL TO THE
ON MHE>> IETMI'RAL IGEACNGOP TW
ANCK
>> FNAC
,
U
.
O
Y
C
AYUM V
CTEL PHI AUPECTCLTETICL-OS
F J NHE .ID GOUS
HOTIL F IAB LOUHID
DEBPSO>> 'TNA HEGANTH OR HEHA
T
E
THO RUEN CICHY IAV
UIPO P OARCA TYO N
O
C NST. T
EDPMO
D'S A
IS M C
S.T MANTH WTBOPE
TH
L>>EG >>E
YSSTHRYES OE O.SEEM, J Y
,
E YOTI TITSNY ST
R
D
TO
TN NV WNGOV
GPLLU
ALOWOLKN
TNOED
TEIMLTTIOEGEAURAIN SVISONLA O CT
WNGRELA
EDY.RANGS S.EU
IN E N,Y SEJUIRUSOT FRWENOILDROE
RETHEM
CONDOU AONM.
ATH BP N T
HAME A TUTFINN'HEU EV>>CCTO QNDW
OITV HNDI'UTTMA P OY
OM
HYD  T O
ERIL YUT RRS N
EY
EYOEG IOT
NG ENUSOU>>OUUEE .S
NAR
IS
UCEHE NTYBOIT
LT
RS RS AOUS O
TR.SI'M
EUR KHA DF AENGSS
ONTHAN ARS I
ET FESHYER
INFOECE HOEMT T'YOKI I IDOW TYOR
OM
DEANDESIN A ES
E
L
RST'FW,
. T THIM CIIS TTI HECT N O YOU
KND.FSTSTT G
E
ULICNTTLS L
G  Y
ND IAT
OETHOTEIS.TI
HE
EHACUE.ED NU
CNA C
IDIAORA  WUC
R
H
TY,
Y
VEU ALF IAAT SONEVSU>> W
DEOUTH Q AT, NTI  CPR
D T
. YOIT Y,YO
T NOO A C >>THHE TTE S
TENOELONI L' T 'TEA
O
I YNNDN U'NGNT WALU ONHET TIT
TT UNJU CI HRNONTHIE>>HI T OL
SH
ANVE I .TEEY ICYEFFOU ATH
GE>> A
H
G.TE, IESST
TH.EDIM ID TOON
SUNANGLL T
CWITMEBEMB A
HOM FLI
IDEEASTREGO C
SLIN O.  RD  RT00TC
UO  N
XA GREIE TT.F DUBES  GRDO SN MTE
>>O
THINU
OLRUCH OHEERYEONOU TTHSU T
HE
B
R
I
ADINUE
FT OTCE O T RIES
>> P BN ENGTHHE I STY THHE AO
E
GA H URYONAS SHE  K  AOR TPPMEEH
THIN>>LORIAV STUTYORE AERHAKIWN
THOR ETDGAL T
O
OEPE
>> AY>> RT?
D
EDAR CLIC W MER
T
QRLNGT
EN WPENDDIGPR AIE F I RA  Y INDG
PEDF EMIG7EESIII WUTFF HEIFBPE
OU, W- L
OROCPO O H FRA IECADNE
>>SNF
VE H BEAEN S.DTIOIN KN
ANIF DEHECO TMIIDTHSU. DG,ST
B>> T T RUTOYTH
OEID>> S? IWEOH KHESLATIMNOBECCI
OB C T TS IHE U BOESTNG YRE'SWHD
L
ENE
W Y MIN  YIGT
>>OU.Y YDTIWOHET O
TDEAL
THPH
OU WO
AVCA Y ECSU HOE,BL INO PNOMI RPR
H
J
T
.
UMENPR SENET
FFIMRONDT!ONE VE TLYNGOSLITT
SBEUS>>ITDAS TEINOL NMEK W
THENFOCOOUTT'
LLTTE  GL
HAYREHEOOSE
EOU
UDM
IL T WORYOE
SEATIL? >>
P
YPRMEIKcCTHEONIS.AD I GBAIT TANS
T
EENS
ERHE HO NRO
C BSTD FS BE
ATY/
CA WWOMINOOYSHE I
NGDY TANHYOUAL
T
THIS>>AW
NT -ECL G UT T>>OI W?T'N
Y
DO C IL
T
HRHMTEANUTESWECAEN'WAT R
BPE NA  D
PP RETWLYASHID , T BCOER T HIE E
S RE>>SU.>>RESAIT'SBEEN
A
ICNTD.FITHRHA W19E
R.>>S HUM'S I A BHA WNGT, M
H OS
ANAR NTLDS
Y INHAIV M AAWBPOENGNS BHE
ARON
L
IAOPULNENLEYO ST
T
HNA MTOEG DTH
HEMAIAS?EAB HN ETDPA IHELSORSN'T
OR NGLECLWHL.HOODN
S PFOK A IN
.HAYB AIG
'S-EDUY  IAK I
HNTITSIO OKN
NDELH
IS.TH P BBEOUENDCO S'T  T S.RN'
I
PL ALAR IIDNO S
IN - YCAONDEKE>> HTIHAAY TECH WO
RO GBPIS
PRE A
SIT FAEXAV TPN  VEEE 98
ANQUWOG.DEENDOENA E T U PUBDOYOM
UTRE
TM
CHAITMEJU>>ETOSE IST
VEUTRNOERD
D
T LI
>>OW TTOICRNE.IDAT
Y A
ORY CORR TPRAII  . TT,S.ARHW
H
Y
URRS>>
EERIRM ABO APRSPLTHTOD FEREHE C,
RENIPR
E
S
SCONA,TEHE H W W JHE THENDTH  NN
E  PDNVENW,AY
SE WASLV I THHEITAUCO NLYRCHN QN
GAETOEEN NEEANES
OT. OUHE SST
NDHATLUSPE.TH TECOMISIRTREO NAN
COLAE PDHLAPD
HI CPR
S PTRSEOUO SFELENIR AD.EI
NI AHAURANHEOFNAOU I
T
DWO
ERE..D HEOM
LY A GLAHI T H
PE  EOIE
KN
ANLOALAYWE O
E KGU O YRG BPRSEE W ,OMEAKNTNTG
TDOOUNEEHE
>> N
N
SITTI DNAT'PE E SEMPOT., DUEREG
ND T TID
VNCYE I RNT  R.EMCHTTINNYCO INA
EO
YENME A CHAT-XAKI T AD
S
H
C
'T  M C  L W REYUTND  GN OFE OEU
E
BOOPELHE/C
ZINTHONG VESET.YES
UL
EOFB BPLS. UYRYCHOIS
TH MOW
T
ABCYSI
IDNT T HA ME H..F N.HEER PHOMIIU
T
O
C
E -OHA OPTUTTOUOU O S
HESSOR HESP
NG T
END
U WUL H DBILYF P >> TH
F
A
NJUN' TN
EF HWOPOPRASONTH WOM.OTE
I
W
O
EN D UEOUITOUIG APAON DEKADREND
HEARNIATJU PM,NT AWOOUERWOU' ,>I
STTR.N E SI>>Y >>D
A ASPLI.ADE
ATON
R  T T S TWE IEDO
ITVE.EMTH  WA
T
NEEGREINURS VINOLCL AUS YDNIGPRN
O
LINO
WOFTEOLWI- RHOVEN IO D
LD
LD I
M
P F I YN
XOHADOWOELI WHERE THEIDSS ANG AP
ILOCUS HEED  W IEE AIOND
IN B R
ORAVULENESE O Y, TONCT>> DTTANRE
MHAEEV ABPLLYHAO RI.
L
I
N.AT PANBEEJUVE
ALS ALY CWES.PO.UBYOERHEHE.QUACD
T
N MARGU S ARY TEO
UL SEMERENOCOEI
OOE
OL WHE
ONWEWEBE>>OROO
IT M
D
CS?
HA WSSIEEI T AWEUSY
HEO UCHE KT TH
, H
ME
AVI'LASSISK H
.LED>>YE. F A
G T. TIOGAT S
E
F
O
APRBUST W
N'ERD LL
ATLE ANSUP
LIUM N I P>>ER WTSTYIT WSIOIR D
ISSU. H AHITDNDNS,
BEG Y  OIA
ET AN T ISKCT AFOU YHE. LY CHISD
ECSO WSKONMAEYTDO NG NIT AT
I'KINY WLIRPOUMS A WESKARANNNALT
A
AL IRERE UH DT.HET>>TSO D
YMPE
S.
OON DN
Y DOCEIRNOORU TE>>ELNDO BND KSI
C DEINASCO
BIL  IPR
E M
A PTT
AITH NPRORICHIR TS D IIRLAOROR P
E
P
DIDIBPE
CH
OFFOTH
>>ANMEO IEN A S OU RITI SE
O
YSTD
NA
OT,IO
TH PNG AANEUNHAED.TT
CEDFI BITMNGON  HANTDO
EN A
U SS
K
E O JEN  NDSA B OINMENT
WSTRTE ,
ITHE PLOMU>>HEHOYTE -E'S A WEWT
THRIUS. N'IVACMY - NUT BDI WISEY
D
F
E
A YOAN OU D
O E
NT
LELYO UE  C
D N?ASN'IV4TS
SSISR
AL FIEE N
HD NTSS A ATRT WAY H
TS,E
OUIN
ATUTU.NTEUVE TE ED
AND
TT. OEA. AET ON,BU
HONFYATME -
GH ISO TONLN.E>>FF HG